Update project status (#44)
kyma-incubator/service-catalog: docs/install.md

    --name catalog --namespace catalog
```

> If you want to install older version of service catalog (for instance the  API-server based version from v0.2 branch) append branch name to the chart name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install an older version of Service Catalog (for instance the API Server-based version from the v0.2 branch) follow the branch name with the name of the chart:
```
